README.rst, before:

Yet one More Raster library
===========================

The ``ymraster`` package contains tools for manipulating raster images.

For example, you can simply create a ``Raster`` instance and compute the NDVI
with the following two commands.

>>> raster = Raster('data/l8_20130425.tif')
>>> ndvi = raster.ndvi('l8_20130425_ndvi.tif', idx_red=4, idx_nir=5)


How to install
--------------

Prerequisites
`````````````

You need to have the following tools installed and properly set up:

* `Orfeo Toolbox <http://www.orfeo-toolbox.org/CookBook/>`_ (OTB) for most
  raster computations,
* `GDAL <http://gdal.org/>`_ for reading and writing rasters,
* `NumPy <http://www.numpy.org/>`_ for matrix & numeric computations,

The first three are most certainly packaged in your Linux distribution. For the
last one use pip.::

        pip install --user rasterio

Note that you have to set some environment variables in order for OTB to work.
Add the following lines to your ``.bashrc`` or adapt them to your environment::

        export PYTHONPATH=${PYTHONPATH}${PYTHONPATH:+:}/usr/lib/otb/pyhon
        export ITK_AUTOLOAD_PATH=/usr/lib/otb/applications


Installation
````````````

Simple clone the repository in a folder of your choice::

        cd </path/to/folder>  # eg. ~/.local/opt
        git clone https://github.com/ygversil/ymraster.git

Then create a .pth file in your ``site-packages`` folder with the path to the
folder.::

        cd /.local/lib/python2.7/site-pakcages  # create directory if it does not exists
        echo "/home/<user>/local/opt/ymraster" > ymraster.pyh

Now you can import ``ymraster`` in Python.

>>> import ymraster
>>>

Commit message:

Totally remove references to rasterio in README.rst

README.rst, after:

Yet one More Raster library
===========================

The ``ymraster`` package contains tools for manipulating raster images.

For example, you can simply create a ``Raster`` instance and compute the NDVI
with the following two commands.

>>> raster = Raster('data/l8_20130425.tif')
>>> ndvi = raster.ndvi('l8_20130425_ndvi.tif', idx_red=4, idx_nir=5)


How to install
--------------

Prerequisites
`````````````

You need to have the following tools installed and properly set up:

* `Orfeo Toolbox <http://www.orfeo-toolbox.org/CookBook/>`_ (OTB) for most
  raster computations,
* `GDAL <http://gdal.org/>`_ for reading and writing rasters,
* `NumPy <http://www.numpy.org/>`_ for matrix & numeric computations,

Surely, there are already binary packages for these tools for your Linux
distribution.

Note that you have to set some environment variables in order for OTB to work.
Add the following lines to your ``~/.bashrc`` and adapt them to your
environment::

        export PYTHONPATH=${PYTHONPATH}${PYTHONPATH:+:}/usr/lib/otb/pyhon
        export ITK_AUTOLOAD_PATH=/usr/lib/otb/applications


Installation
````````````

Simple clone the repository in a folder of your choice::

        cd </path/to/folder>  # eg. ~/.local/opt
        git clone https://github.com/ygversil/ymraster.git

Then create a .pth file in your ``site-packages`` folder with the path to the
folder.::

        cd /.local/lib/python2.7/site-pakcages  # create directory if it does not exists
        echo "/home/<user>/local/opt/ymraster" > ymraster.pyh

Now you can import ``ymraster`` in Python.

>>> import ymraster
>>>
